Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) is a systematic process to be followed 
for a software project. 

The SDLC process consists essentially of the following phases:

1/Requirement Phase
2/Design Phase
3/Build/Development Phase
4/Testing Phase
5/Deployment/Deliver Phase
6/Maintenance

Phase-1 Requirement : SRS is a detailed description of a software system to be developed 
with requirements. It's the most importaant phase. Design phase'e kadar olan kısım. 

# Feasibilty Study : Reqıirement ile birlikte problemi anlama aşamasıdır. Sonraki 

Phase-2 Design Phase : This is the high priority phase in a system's development life cycle 
because the logical designing of the system is converted into physical designing. 

Phase-3: Build/Development Phase : This phase is also known as coding phase. 
Coding Phase is the longest phase of the SDLC process, 
and it requires a more focused approach for the developer.

Phase-4: Testing Phase : This phase is where you focus on investigation and discovery.

Phase-5: Deployment/Deliver Phase : As soon as customers receive the product, 
they are recommended first to do the beta testing.

Phase-6: Maintenance Phase : Improve its performance, enhance security features
and address customer's requirements.

In any SDLC model, there are several characteristics of good testing:

*For every development activity, there is a corresponding test activity
*Each test level has test objectives specific to that level
*Test analysis and design for a given test level begin during the 
corresponding development activity
*Testers participate in discussions to define and refine requirements and design, 
and they are involved in reviewing work products as soon as drafts are available

Verification focuses on the question :
Is the deliverable built according to the specification?.

Validation focuses on the question : 
Is the deliverable fit for purpose, and does it provide a solution to the problem?.

Waterfall Model:
It illustrates the process of software development in a linear sequential flow. 

The requirements are documented very well.
The definition of a product is stable.
Technology is comprehensible.
Requirements are not ambiguous.
Ample resources are available with the required expertise to support the product.
The project is short.

Iterative Model :

The basic idea behind this method is to develop a system through repeated cycles (iterative)
and in smaller portions at a time (incremental).

Spiral Model :
The spiral model is a risk-driven model of software process development.
It is one of the best development models to follow 
because of the risk analysis and risk handling at every phase.
It is much more complex to manage than other SDLC models.

V-Model :
It is also known as Verification and Validation model.

RAD Model:
The RAD (Rapid Application Development) is a model that supports software development processes 
to be carried out as quickly as possible.

DevOps Model:
The term DevOps is the short form of Development and Operations.

As the Agile model addressed the gap between clients and developers, 
DevOps addressed the gap between Developers and Operations.

As the Agile model addressed the gap between clients and developers,
DevOps addressed the gap between Developers and Operations.

Phase : Plan, Code, Build, Test, Integrate, Deploy, Operate, Monitor

Development + Operations + Quality Assurance

